now about to clean these windows
probably some people have more due to
other videos and see how bad they were
thought that'd take forever to clean but
not that bad now there are two types of
scrapers is a large one which I tend not
to use because often glass has got a
slight wave in it and the large ones
tend to miss bits so just use it I just
use a smaller one and there's two ways
of doing it first I'll do half of this
dry and then half of it wet now if you
ever see someone coming down on anything
like that
saying oh this is he is great well
that's wrong
you'll be there forever easiest way is
to follow along right so you don't get
the whole lot the first time go back
over it and of course simply and these
windows are quite dusty so the overspray
is not going to stick that well anyway
so that bit is fine now there is another
way of doing it what I'll do is I'll
just get a damp cloth if you've got
acrylics mainly this will help soft
matte just that little bit I just see it
tend to come off a little bit easier
and I will see one here's a rag please
in this case just some paper
you know with the most clean window now
I don't know if you can pick it up here
there are marks but they're all on the
inside so you see it doesn't take that
long to clean so it's a hard call
whether you want to mask them up first
or whether you want to just clean them
off after entirely up to you